Remove deprecated addonComponents (#7912)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/operator/index.md

EOF
{{< /text >}}

You can also enable or disable components and modify resource settings.

> For example, to enable the `Grafana` component and increase pilot memory requests:

Reviewer: Rather than removing the part about enable/disable components, why not change the example to egress-gateway instead?

Reviewer: Also, shouln't `pilot` -> `istiod`?

Reviewer 2: +1

thanks for doing this!

Author: > Rather than removing the part about enable/disable components, why not change the example to egress-gateway instead?

Done

> Also, shouln't pilot -> istiod?

The [default](https://github.com/istio/istio/blob/master/manifests/profiles/default.yaml#L22) and [other](https://github.com/istio/istio/blob/master/manifests/profiles/demo.yaml#L47) profiles still use `pilot`.

Author: > Rather than removing the part about enable/disable components, why not change the example to egress-gateway instead?

Done

> Also, shouln't pilot -> istiod?

The [default](https://github.com/istio/istio/blob/master/manifests/profiles/default.yaml#L22) and [other](https://github.com/istio/istio/blob/master/manifests/profiles/demo.yaml#L47) profiles still use `pilot`.

{{< /text >}}

You can also enable or disable components and modify resource settings.

> For example, to enable the `egressGateways` component and increase pilot memory requests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to enable the `istio-egressgateway` component and increase pilot memory requests:
```
